fix(lb): review Load Balancer doc MTA-1654 (#315)
scaleway/docs-content: network/load-balancer/quickstart.mdx

## How to create a Load Balancer

> 1. Click **Load Balancers** in the **Network** section of the [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com) side menu. If you have not already created Load Balancer, the product creation page is displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Load Balancers** in the **Network** section of the [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com) side menu. If you have not already created Load Balancer, the product creation page displays:
```
